hello and welcome to this cider home
in this match I play order 1a
but instead of a story about the features
the champion I want to touch the other more
important topic team play let me
I will bring you up to date at the beginning and
in the middle of the game, our business was very bad
we lost almost all fights and even
if we managed to kill somebody we
did it at the cost of their own lives
their killer knew their business well
the tanks also played well obviously that
opponents knew the mechanics of the game and
knew how to effectively manage their
champions the hardest moment of the match we
lagged behind gold by 25 percent
had three times fewer killings and lost on
tower more
the game was uneven and at this moment because
in told us in the chat what in his opinion
we can still win this game we
getting ready to fight on the middle line
our jarvan was dead twitch was coming back
to the platform
and the other three barely alive were hiding
under the tower but the enemy team too
it was battered to the same jarvan and
twitch should have come back to battle soon
ramus decided not to get involved in a fight
he had little health and attack under
tower people too risky but
twisted fate
already taken position to quickly be
behind the tower and start the battle without paying
attention to comrades this led to
that at the time of teleportation twisted fate
You are a player with Lena were too far
behind
gragas and ramus returned to battle but by
the paths got a lot of damage from the tower and
still in place too
late to join the fight
Vane was able to go from the flank and attack
genre but did not have time to kill her without
support mates possessing
control spells while their team
let us look at retreats
the twisted fait was not mistaken
starting a fight as much as ramus had
reason to retreat but they didn't have
common goals and this gave our team a chance
to recoup we are still lagging behind
We feel much more confident
thanks to the totem we see as the enemy
attacks the dragon
we also know that gragas kills
minions on the top line we surround
unable to hide they
take a fight with jarvan and me
enough health to attack them
killers directly and Jeanne during
launches a tornado saving tweez life
notice that our victory is almost
It costs the lives of Twitchy Jania me we strongly
risked
but we knew that we would play five
against four and in the end we won
just barely won one more
battle losing process tower on middle
lines wayne attacks alone trying
kill us she masterfully dodges
death of the genre but it appears without
support this way their team
loses player after which ramus repeats
same mistake attacking us alone
focusing fire on it slowing down and
other control effects we know that to him
can not survive
another wave of minions appears we
know that they lost two players and
see 3 on the top line
it gives us the opportunity to demolish the tower and
finish off twisted feith now begins
main fun
we are still lagging behind the enemies
just killed nashora Jeanne Baron
asks for help and with one risky
maneuver she is sure she can
alone cope with the bottom line and
asks us to distract the enemy will not give them
return to base
my goal is to lure out enemies and interrupt
returns Jarvan took an excellent position
for the cataclysm which allowed us with
bake great damage
twisted fate and ramus tried to protect
bottom line from the genre but at the same time
tried not to go far from the center
I hope to help our comrades defeat us
again the problem was not trying
save the tower and not that they
got involved in a team battle
the problem was lack of coordination
which don't let them achieve any of
targets the enemy had gain from the baron
advantage in gold and objects we
could only boast coordination and
team game
but that was enough to kill opponents
demolish three towers and two inhibitors we
leveled the game at the end of the match I commit
stupid mistake opponents surround and
easy kill me our team
forced to fight in the minority however
two players of the enemy team
linger on the middle line killing
minions
what could be victorious for them
fight 5 on 4 turns into a victory
for our team it was one of the best
matches in my life and I managed to play
thousands
we could easily lose the opponent not
could boast of the highest
their mastery was everything we did
won thanks to a single reason
team game nobody went out nobody
gave up we listened to each other played
together and achieved the goal that's what I want
tell you on studying subjects and
champions need time but team play
this is a skill that you can
take advantage right away it's not just about
buying totems or killing enemies
communicate with the team strengthen and her and
cover up and weakness make mistakes
not ashamed they are doing everything regardless
skill level win the team
who know how to play with it myself
the essence of leagues of legends
author video cider helm voiced by the team
X does
put your fingers up and subscribe to
our channels on youtube twitter and public
in contact with